Add Ecovacs switch entities (#31165)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ecovacs.markdown

    - `Area`: Total cleaned area
    - `Cleanings`: The number of cleanings
    - `Time`: The total cleaning time

> - **Switch**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **Switch**:
```

> - **Switch**:
>   - `Advanced mode`: Enable advanced mode. Disabled by default
>   - `Carpet auto fan speed boost`: Enable maximum fan speed if a carpet was detected. Disabled by default
>   - `Continuous cleaning`: Enable continuous cleaning, which means the bot resume the cleaning job if he needed to charge in between. Disabled by default
>   - `True detect`: Enable "True detect" feature. Disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Switch**:
  - `Advanced mode`: Enable advanced mode. Disabled by default.
  - `Carpet auto fan speed boost`: Enable maximum fan speed if a carpet is detected. Disabled by default.
  - `Continuous cleaning`: Enable continuous cleaning, which means the bot resumes the cleaning job if he needs to charge in between. Disabled by default.
  - `True detect`: Enable "True detect" feature. Disabled by default.
```
